Texas A&M’s Shelbi Vaughan wears expectations well entering Pepsi Invitational at Hayward Field Vaughan, a reserve on the Texas A&M volleyball squad, is scheduled to compete in both the shot put and discus at the four-way meet that pits second-ranked Oregon against the No. 3 Aggies, No. 15 Washington and Washington State. She embraces her status as ...
Texas A&M softball team run-rules Colorado State Junior Cassie Tysarczyk hit the first grand slam of her career to help the No. 9 Texas A&M softball team open its nonconference series against Colorado State with a 10-0 run-rule victory Friday in front of 1,542 at the Aggie Softball Complex.
Aggies get an all-around performance, and a solid win over Texas-Arlington LAS CRUCES - From start to finish, the New Mexico State Aggies controlled their Friday night softball game against Texas-Arlington. The Aggies scored all five of their runs in the third and fourth innings, and got a complete-game pitching ...
Texas A&M 'Religious Funding Exemption Bill' vetoed University officials say approximately 1,200 Aggies utilize the center each semester. For weeks, the student-authored bill had been aimed at defunding the Texas A&M GLBT center, but about 24 hours before the final vote, the "GLBT Funding Opt Out ...
Extra Points: Aggies' Joeckel is not just the 'safe' choice Philadelphia, PA – There is a chance Texas A&M left tackle Luke Joeckel isn't the No. 1 overall pick in the NFL Draft but don't kid yourself, the Kansas City Chiefs want him to anchor their offensive line for the next decade. Kansas City ...
Zedler, Aggies back off defunding LGBT resource centers After backlash from constituents and advocacy groups, the push by state Rep. Bill Zedler and conservative members of the Texas A&M student government to defund campus resource centers for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students has fizzled.
Texas A&M volleyball team playing for last time in G. Rollie White The Aggie volleyball team will host its Texas A&M Spring Invitational on Saturday at the Aggies' former home, G. Rollie White Coliseum. Admission is free. The Aggies welcome Rice, Stephen F. Austin, Texas State and UTSA in what likely will be ...
Vaughan wears expectations well Vaughan, a reserve on the Texas A&M volleyball squad, is scheduled to compete in both the shot put and discus at the four-way meet that pits second-ranked Oregon against the No. 3 Aggies, No. 15 Washington and Washington State. She embraces her status as ...
Aggies turn on lights for recruits at Kyle Field COLLEGE STATION — One thing was clear one minute into the aptly named “Friday Night Lights”: Texas A&M coach Kevin Sumlin owns a ... program's white helmets for the event — the same helmets the Aggies wore in their upset of national champion ...
Tysarczyk Grand Slam Highlights Aggies’ 10-0 Run-Rule of CSU The Aggies and Rams will face off in game two of the three-game non-conference series, tomorrow at 4 p.m. CT. To learn more about Texas A&M softball, log on to AggieAthletics.com and follow @AggieSoftball on Twitter. Previous Story | Next Story
A&M Falls to Auburn in 10-inning Series Opener, 6-4 COLLEGE STATION, Texas – The Texas A&M Aggies dropped Friday night’s series opener against the Auburn Tigers on Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park, losing a 6-4 decision in 10 innings. Auburn (18-12, 2-8 SEC) struck the game-winning blow with one ...
No. 27 Auburn Upsets No.12 Aggies AUBURN, Ala. – The 12 th-ranked Texas A&M men’s tennis team dropped its fourth-consecutive match to a ranked opponent when it fell to 27 th-ranked Auburn, 4-3, at the Yarbrough Tennis Center in Auburn, Alabama. The Aggies fall to 13-11 and ...
South Texas report: Islanders baseball routs Nicholls State on the road Javelinas fall in 9th LAWTON, Okla. — The Texas A&M-Kingsville baseball team led late but was unable to put an opponent away falling 5-4 to Cameron on Friday as the Aggies scored three times in the ninth inning. After starter Dallas Ponder ...
Harris visits Aggies Parkway junior quarterback Brandon Harris headed to College Station for Texas A&M's "Friday Night Lights" scrimmage. He also mentioned a new program that's looking to learn more about the coveted signal-caller.
LGBT Aggie receives death threat; school president releases statement Breeding also says Loftin’s statement was released because an LGBT Aggie received a death threat. Breeding’s Facebook post, shared with his permission, is followed after the jump by Loftin’s full statement. To Texas A&M University Students ...
A&M Falls to Auburn in 10-inning Series Opener, 6-4 COLLEGE STATION, Texas – The Texas A&M Aggies dropped Friday night’s series opener against the Auburn Tigers on Olsen Field at Blue Bell Park, losing a 6-4 decision in 10 innings. Auburn (18-12, 2-8 SEC) struck the game-winning blow with one ...
No. 27 Auburn Upsets No.12 Aggies AUBURN, Ala. – The 12 th-ranked Texas A&M men’s tennis team dropped its fourth-consecutive match to a ranked opponent when it fell to 27 th-ranked Auburn, 4-3, at the Yarbrough Tennis Center in Auburn, Alabama. The Aggies fall to 13-11 and ...
South Texas report: Islanders baseball routs Nicholls State on the road Javelinas fall in 9th LAWTON, Okla. — The Texas A&M-Kingsville baseball team led late but was unable to put an opponent away falling 5-4 to Cameron on Friday as the Aggies scored three times in the ninth inning. After starter Dallas Ponder ...
Harris visits Aggies Parkway junior quarterback Brandon Harris headed to College Station for Texas A&M's "Friday Night Lights" scrimmage. He also mentioned a new program that's looking to learn more about the coveted signal-caller.
LGBT Aggie receives death threat; school president releases statement Breeding also says Loftin’s statement was released because an LGBT Aggie received a death threat. Breeding’s Facebook post, shared with his permission, is followed after the jump by Loftin’s full statement. To Texas A&M University Students ...
Aggies' O-line adjusting to change COLLEGE STATION, Texas -- On the surface, it's easy to surmise that there ... There is plenty of change for the Aggies' front five this spring. Of the quintet, only one player -- junior left guard Jarvis Harrison-- returns to the same position he was ...
Texas A&M Baseball The Houston Cougars came into Minute Maid to face Texas A&M in the first game for both teams in day one action of the Houston Astros Foundation... All the Aggies needed were two wins. Two wins would guarantee a series victory over bitter rivals Texas but ...
Texas A&M Aggies DELAYED. The baseball team had to sit through a 3+ hour rain delay last night, but overcame a 3-0 first inning deficit to defeat UTSA 11-4 about twenty minutes ago. Details coming as soon as jzimmermann11 gets home from the ballpark. It's probably safe to ...
What Johnny Manziel's Aggies Have in Common with Cam Newton's Auburn Squad With the deep route always being an option, defenses have to sit back and play safe football against Texas A&M. The same happened for the Tigers, and it led to a lot of ground yards being churned up by Cam Newton. Home Game Stretch The Aggies are walking ...
Aggies must not exclude fellow students If the student fee portion is cut significantly, the center would be in danger of closing, hurting thousands of Aggies. America is changing, and Texas A&M must change along with it. A&M has a well-earned reputation as a welcoming place ...
Texas A&M Student Senate Passes Discriminatory LGBT Bill CNN PRODUCER NOTE The student senate at Texas A&M University passed a measure on April 3 to allow students of the university to opt out of having their activities fees fund the campus' LGBT resource center. The bill, known as the "Religious Funding ...
Texas A&M's Johnny Manziel on 'the last straw' that caused him to leave Twitter You try to set stuff straight as much as possible, but there’s just so many misconceptions and so much stuff out there that you can’t settle every debate. So for me, Twitter is good. You can get a lot of information out… but it can also ...
Aggies to muster in Willow Park ... Former students of Texas A&M University will assemble in Willow Park on April 21st for the annual Parker County Texas Aggie Muster in honor of all Texas Aggies who have passed away within the last year, announced Muster Chair Graham Quisenberry ‘77.
Aggies Ready for Tailwind Invitational This meet is the only outdoor track and field event in the state of New Mexico that the Aggies will be competing in. At the 2013 Clyde Littlefield Texas Relays, the Aggie 4x400m relay squad of juniors LaSasha Aldredge, Alishia Perkins, and Brianna ...
Aggies Can't Avoid the Sweep The Texas Aggie baseball team was doomed by a three-run eighth inning by South Carolina and dropped a 6-3 decision to the Gamecocks in the series finale on Saturday afternoon at Carolina Stadium. The series sweep leaves Texas A&M at 5-4 in SEC play.
College Football Nation: Texas Longhorns Last Wednesday's announcements that Connecticut had agreed to a home-and-home series with Boise State and that Cincinnati would be heading to the Big House in 2017 were the latest in a trend that has seen BCS-conference schools boost their nonconference ...
Baseball drops Big 12 series opener to Oklahoma, 2-1 ... innings with eight strikeouts Friday as the No. 13 Oklahoma Sooners opened a Big 12 series with the 2-1 win over the Texas Longhorns. Oklahoma (26-5, 6-1) won for just the second time in the last 15 games in the series against Texas (16-12, 2-5 ...
Texas Football: 4 Reasons Not to Put Too Much Stock in the Spring Game So the Texas Longhorns played a yawner of a spring game. So what? It is just the spring. Following an unconvincing showing in the Orange-White Scrimmage, fans and experts are already lowering their BCS-level expectations for this 2013 Longhorn squad.
New ‘LongHorn Steakhouse’ location opens in Webster WEBSTER, Texas -- LongHorn Steakhouse has opened a new restaurant location in Webster along the Gulf Freeway. The restaurant says it prides itself on providing guests with a cut-above steakhouse experience through its food – most notably ...
Box Score 14/1b Oberste, M.; 23/dh Carpenter; 12/2b Lorenzana; 9/c Hermelyn, A.; 10/3b Carey, G.; 4/lf Haley, H.; 22/p Gray, J.; Texas starters: 14/dh B. Johnson; 7/cf Hall; 6/3b Weiss; 2/rf Payton; 9/ss Hinojosa; 11/1b Silver; 8/2b B. Marlow; 12/c Felts ...
Texas Longhorns RBs working on pass protection The major offensive theme this spring has been the implementation of the quick-tempo, no-huddle offense. With Texas likely to throw more than last season (493 rushing attempts and 398 passes thrown in 2012; 589 and 358 in 2011), it’s also important the ...
Lady Toppers Travel to Austin to Face Off with No. 8 Texas this weekend to face off with the No. 8 Texas Longhorns (33-4, 5-0 Big 12). The teams play a pair of games over the series, with game one beginning at 5 p.m. on Saturday, April 6. Sunday's concluding game takes place at 11:30 a.m. The games will be ...
OL Cuney is No. 9 for Longhorns for 2014 AUSTIN, Texas -- It was only a matter of time before 2014 center Terrell Cuney (Jasper, Texas/Jasper) became a Texas Longhorn. That time came on Saturday. Cuney, who had told HornsNation in the past that he wanted to visit a few schools before making his ...
Researchers determine genetic ancestry of the Texas Longhorn While students may be familiar with the sight of Bevo at football games and rallies, several UT researchers took a look at a side of the Texas longhorn seldom seen: its genes. The research group, comprised of biology professor David Hillis, Ph.D ...
Texas Longhorns great Vince Young on NFL comeback: 'A year off definitely helped me to see a lot of things' Out-of-work quarterback Vince Young appeared on ESPN's First Take on Wednesday morning and said he was moving on from his past mistakes - although his well-known financial troubles did not specifically come up - and hopeful for another chance in ...
Longhorns Digest: Texas women sweep contest against Fla. Int. Women’s tennis: No. 24 Texas (10-8) swept the doubles session and all six singles matches on its way to a 7-0 victory over Florida International Friday afternoon at UT’s Penick-Allison Tennis Center. Texas took all three doubles contests to secure the ...
Texas Longhorns spring football: Is Adrian Phillips back? Adrian Phillips had a rough junior season. One that he would probably rather forget. Perhaps the poster child for the maligned Texas Longhorns secondary that often gave up yards in big chunks because of missed tackles, the Garland product needed ...
Texas Longhorns Coach Mack Brown Needs To Red Shirt Tyrone Swoopes There has been considerable buzz around Austin since the Texas Longhorns Orange-White scrimmage wrapped up Saturday evening, and most of it has been centered on the performance of freshman quarterback Tyrone Swoopes. In a press conference ...
Texas longhorns roam in Putnam County BUFFALO, W.Va. -- Noah Perry has spent a lot of time observing social interactions among cattle. "There is a really pecking order. There is a boss cow. They rank each other, all the way down to the bottom. Sometimes there is a challenge," Perry sa8id ...
Texas Longhorns PG Myck Kabongo slips into first round in latest ESPN draft projections Myck Kabongo has until later this month to determine whether he's staying in school or going to the NBA. In his latest big board, ESPN's Chad Ford moved Kabongo up from No. 34 to No. 30, which would put Kabongo in the first round. It's an ...
Longhorns Digest: Texas women sweep contest against Fla. Int. Women’s tennis: No. 24 Texas (10-8) swept the doubles session and all six singles matches on its way to a 7-0 victory over Florida International Friday afternoon at UT’s Penick-Allison Tennis Center. Texas took all three doubles contests to secure the ...
Texas Longhorns spring football: Is Adrian Phillips back? Adrian Phillips had a rough junior season. One that he would probably rather forget. Perhaps the poster child for the maligned Texas Longhorns secondary that often gave up yards in big chunks because of missed tackles, the Garland product needed ...
Texas Longhorns Coach Mack Brown Needs To Red Shirt Tyrone Swoopes There has been considerable buzz around Austin since the Texas Longhorns Orange-White scrimmage wrapped up Saturday evening, and most of it has been centered on the performance of freshman quarterback Tyrone Swoopes. In a press conference ...
Texas longhorns roam in Putnam County BUFFALO, W.Va. -- Noah Perry has spent a lot of time observing social interactions among cattle. "There is a really pecking order. There is a boss cow. They rank each other, all the way down to the bottom. Sometimes there is a challenge," Perry sa8id ...
Texas Longhorns PG Myck Kabongo slips into first round in latest ESPN draft projections Myck Kabongo has until later this month to determine whether he's staying in school or going to the NBA. In his latest big board, ESPN's Chad Ford moved Kabongo up from No. 34 to No. 30, which would put Kabongo in the first round. It's an ...
Vince Young Should Not Have Worked Out At Texas Longhorns Pro Day I’m fairly certain that this article will be considered blasphemy by my fellow Texas Longhorns fans, so allow me to preface what I have to say with this: I love Vince Young. Now that that is out there let me get to what is on my mind: Vince ...
Genome of Texas Longhorn, related breeds tells global history of human, cattle migration Emily Jane McTavish, a doctoral student in the lab of UT Biology professor David Hillis, hanging out with some of the Longhorns at Hillis's Double Helix Ranch. Credit: Photo by Liz Milano Texas Longhorn cattle have a hybrid global ancestry ...
Texas Longhorn Genome Decoded Texas Longhorn cattle have a hybrid global ancestry, according to a study by University of Texas at Austin researchers published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The study of the genome of the Longhorn and related breeds ...
Pitchers perfect as Longhorns roll Texas Southern We all remember Blaire Luna’s no-hitter in the first game of the season. On Thursday she closed out a perfect one. But she didn’t start it. This one was a combined perfect game as all four pitchers contributed as the No. 8 Longhorns (33-4 ...
Genes of Longhorn cattle show long history AUSTIN, Texas, March 26 (UPI) -- The iconic Texas Longhorn cattle have a hybrid ancestry that tells a story of global migration of both cattle and humans, biologists say. The genome of the Texas Longhorn traces back through Christopher Columbus ...
Shockers, Longhorns in 2013 CBE field Wichita State played in the CBE in 2009, falling to Pittsburgh and defeating Iowa for third place. Texas won the tournament that year, and the Longhorns also won the CBE in 2005.
OU edges Texas on the road ... Oklahoma hadn’t won a series opener against Texas since 2002 and hadn’t claimed one at Disch-Falk Field since 1998. Both streaks were snapped with the Sooners’ 2-1 victory over the Longhorns on Friday night. The victory lifted OU to 26-5 overall ...
1-on-1 with Texas 1st Baseman Codey McElroy Texas is hosting Oklahoma in a key Big 12 baseball series this weekend. The Longhorns have defeated the Sooners in 13 of he past 14 meetings vs OU. An ideal Longhorn candidate to sit down and discuss the series is UT 1st baseman Codey McElroy.
Texas squad outlasts Longhorns, 30-13, in Orange-White Scrimmage Junior quarterback David Ash threw two touchdown passes to help lead the Texas team over the Longhorns, 30-13, in the Orange-White Scrimmage Saturday evening at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium. Ash completed 17 of 24 passes for 162 yards for the ...
Texas lands another Texas landed their third commitment of the 2013 class on Saturday. The backcourt turnover for the Texas Longhorns is continuing. Recently the Longhorns landed a commitment from Demarcus Croaker, and that was followed with the announcement of Sheldon ...
Duke Basketball: Will Rasheed Sulaimon Be a Star or Just Another Role Player? Shortly after the Duke Blue Devils' 2012-13 season came to an abrupt end at the hands of the Louisville Cardinals in the NCAA tournament, the lasting image of a deeply emotional Rasheed Sulaimon in the Blue Devils' locker room illustrated how important the ...
Mitch Albom flashback: Michigan's victimized by Devil's Night in 1992 NCAA title game End of chapter. The story continues. This was no funeral, this 71-51 title-game loss to the defending champions of college basketball, the Duke Blue Devils, who showed the world in the second half how to get the most from an exhausted yet ...
College Football Nation: Duke Blue Devils Kurt Roper has several titles for Duke: He is the assistant head coach, the offensive coordinator, and the quarterbacks coach. He joined Duke in January, 2008, and was promoted to assistant head coach this past February. Last year, Roper guided Duke’s ...
Louisville tops Duke, earns trip to Final Four after Ware inspires Louisville Cardinals guard Peyton Siva (3) shoots against Duke Blue Devils forward Ryan Kelly (34) in the first half during the finals of the Midwest regional of the 2013 NCAA tournament at Lucas Oil Stadium. (Photo: Jamie Rhodes, USA TODAY ...
Duke tangles with Louisville in Midwest Regional final Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Two iconic coaches meet in the Elite Eight, as Mike Krzyzewski's Duke Blue Devils take on Rick Pitino's Louisville Cardinals in the Midwest Regional final at Lucas Oil Stadium on Sunday. The winner advances to the Final ...
Duke Tops Michigan State 71-61: Seth Curry Leads Blue Devils Past Spartans INDIANAPOLIS -- Mike Krzyzewski already holds the NCAA record for most wins by a coach. Thanks to Seth Curry's big scoring night, Krzyzewski could finish the weekend by tying one of John Wooden's records. Curry scored 29 points, tied the school ...
Skylar Diggins leads Notre Dame past Duke, to Final Four Notre Dame Fighting Irish guard Skylar Diggins shoots the ball as Duke Blue Devils guard Alexis Jones defends during the first half at Ted Constant Convocation Center. (Photo: Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports) NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Skylar Diggins ...
In 2013-14, Duke Blue Devils will be smaller, more athletic tool goes here INDIANAPOLIS The Blue Devils had already had their NCAA-mandated, 10-minute cooling-off period, giving them time to absorb the reality of their season-ending loss, but Rasheed Sulaimon was still visibility upset wh ... Few people are more ...
Duke Continues ACC Play Saturday at Boston College Sixth-ranked Duke (9-2, 2-2 ACC) visits Boston College (5-6, 2-2 ACC) in its third consecutive ACC contest Saturday, Apr. 6 at 1 p.m. in Newton, Mass. … The Blue Devils have won three straight road contests entering the weekend matchup and are ...
Curry's hot shooting propels Duke to Elite Eight INDIANAPOLIS -- Defensive toughness, offensive productivity, combined with senior Seth Curry finding his hot shooting hand all made a nice combination for the Duke Blue Devils' 10-point, Sweet Sixteen win Friday evening over Big Ten foe Michigan ...
Duke Blue Devils As you probably know, we have a long-standing tradition here of an April Fool’s joke (our most recent one appears destined to live for a while). Still, we know greatness when we see it, and these guys were absolute masters of pranking. How masterful?
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule) Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...
Duke women run out of steam against Irish onslaught in Elite Eight When Skylar Diggins and the Notre Dame Fighing Irish got hot offensively in the second half, the Duke Blue Devils were in trouble. Diggins finished with a game-high 24 points and nine assists to lead the top-seeded Irish to an 87-76 victory over the No. 2 ...
Devils coming to terms with Louisville's greatness Coach Mike Krzyzewski and his Duke Blue Devils might beg to differ. For 24 minutes Sunday, they did everything they could to fight, claw and will themselves into position to beat the Cardinals and earn their first Final Four trip since winning ...
Nebraska-Duke Preview The Blue Devils have lost three straight regional finals and are determined to not make it four in a row. Second-seeded Duke (32-2) plays sixth-seeded Nebraska (25-8) on Sunday in the Norfolk Regional semifinals. And if the Blue Devils beat the Cornhuskers ...
ACC Insider - Asterisk or no, ACC can begin the hype Even if it involves the convenient use of an asterisk. It’s a subject Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski addressed in Indianapolis last week, 24 hours before his current league member Blue Devils were beaten by future conference rival Louisville in ...
Curry's hot shooting propels Duke to Elite Eight INDIANAPOLIS -- Defensive toughness, offensive productivity, combined with senior Seth Curry finding his hot shooting hand all made a nice combination for the Duke Blue Devils' 10-point, Sweet Sixteen win Friday evening over Big Ten foe Michigan ...
Duke Blue Devils As you probably know, we have a long-standing tradition here of an April Fool’s joke (our most recent one appears destined to live for a while). Still, we know greatness when we see it, and these guys were absolute masters of pranking. How masterful?
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule) Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...
Duke women run out of steam against Irish onslaught in Elite Eight When Skylar Diggins and the Notre Dame Fighing Irish got hot offensively in the second half, the Duke Blue Devils were in trouble. Diggins finished with a game-high 24 points and nine assists to lead the top-seeded Irish to an 87-76 victory over the No. 2 ...
Devils coming to terms with Louisville's greatness Coach Mike Krzyzewski and his Duke Blue Devils might beg to differ. For 24 minutes Sunday, they did everything they could to fight, claw and will themselves into position to beat the Cardinals and earn their first Final Four trip since winning ...
Nebraska-Duke Preview The Blue Devils have lost three straight regional finals and are determined to not make it four in a row. Second-seeded Duke (32-2) plays sixth-seeded Nebraska (25-8) on Sunday in the Norfolk Regional semifinals. And if the Blue Devils beat the Cornhuskers ...
Irish women a big challenge for Duke This is the third straight year a second-seeded Duke team has met a top seed in the regional finals of the NCAA women's basketball tournament. No one expects the Blue Devils to have more luck against Notre Dame on Tuesday night in Norfolk ...
McCallie prepares Duke to continue along road to Final Four The second-seeded Duke Blue Devils have taken the trip to the NCAA Women’s Basketball Tournament Regional many times – 15 times in the last 16 years to be exact. As they held one more practice on Friday morning at the Michael W. Krzyzewski Center ...
NCAA Tournament Picks: Duke Blue Devils vs. Louisville Cardinals Duke defeated No. 3 seed Michigan State 71-61 as two-point neutral-site favorites in the Sweet 16 of the 2013 NCAA Tournament, while going UNDER the total for the third consecutive contest. The Blue Devils have won all 16 of their games against non ...
Observations: Duke Blue Devils 71, Michigan State 61 • Seth Curry made 4 of 9 shots and scored 14 points in the first half, but one of his misses was highly controversial on the Duke bench. Midway through the period, Curry let a jumper go from the paint. The ball was close to heading down – or ...
2013 NCAA Tournament: No. 2 Duke Blue Devils Offense A No Show In Elite Eight After being the champions of the AFC West for five out of six years from 2004 to 2009, the San Diego Chargers have painfully watched their division rivals take what they thought would be theirs for the past three seasons. Fans are tired of ...
Duke's Braxton Deaver big boost to offense Enlarge Cal Sport Media/AP PhotoTight end Braxton Deaver last played for the Duke Blue Devils during the 2011 season. In December 2011, Deaver tore his ACL. He went through the rehab, missed all of last spring, came back strong, and then broke ...
Duke sweeps No. 19 Clemson in ACC play, head coach captures 100th win CLEMSON, S.C. – Ninth-ranked Duke men’s tennis team captured six consecutive set victories in singles, leading to a 7-0 sweep against Clemson on Friday at the Hoke Sloan Tennis Center. The Blue Devils improved to 17-4 on the season and 5-1 in Atlantic ...
Duke Blue Devils Vs. Michigan State Spartans: Watch Live Stream Of NCAA Basketball Tournament Sweet 16 Online For Free; Preview Before you watch the live stream of Duke versus Michigan State, here is a preview of Friday's matchup. Per STATS LLC, the win makes the Spartans just the second team to make the Sweet 16 in five out of the last six years, joining this season's ...
Cowboys should be thankful to have Tony Romo Last week ended with the news of a massive contract extension for Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo. Although this news had been expected for some time, it was accompanied by the predictable wailing and gnashing of teeth about how Romo has ...
Why Dallas Cowboys Absolutely Must Draft Cornellius ''Tank'' Carradine I can't tell you at this point where the Dallas Cowboys will actually make their first selection in the 2013 NFL draft later this month. But after that first selection, I can say that a defensive end from Florida State named Cornellius Carradine ...
All-time best and worst Dallas Cowboys draft picks by position: Linebackers Breunig came out of the "Dirty Dozen'' draft class that roused the Cowboys with its rookie exuberance. A year after going 8-6, the kid-fueled Cowboys reached the Super Bowl. Breunig became the starter on the strong side in 1976 and moved to the ...
Cowboys vs Eagles: Dallas can score over Philadelphia’s D It is not too late for the Philadelphia Eagles to make the move up into the standings after an awful start. Considered as the most talented team in the NFL even giving a name “Dream Team”, the Eagles so far played mediocre winning only two of their six ...
Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders Arrive In Cozumel For 2013 Bikini Shoot Dallas Cowboys linebacker DeMarcus Ware told SiriusXM NFL Radio that Tony Romo deserves his new contract, but it’s time for him to back it up on the field. “I feel like you know everybody is deserving of whatever is given to them,” Ware said, per ...
The 10 Best Draft Picks in Dallas Cowboys History The Dallas Cowboys did not become one of the most accomplished NFL franchises without having a few draft picks work out along the way. Given the Cowboys' years of success back in decades like the 1990s and 1970s, making a top 10 draft picks list is not the ...
Cowboys Announce Preseason Opponents The NFL released its preseason schedule on Thursday--well, the opponents and locations, anyway--and the Dallas Cowboys will have five exhibitions to prepare for the 2013 regular season. Four of them will come against opponents from the AFC. Dallas will ...
Cowboys Bring Back WR Anthony Armstrong A week after cutting him in order to make room for free agent signings Will Allen and Justin Durant, the Dallas Cowboys brought wide receiver Anthony Armstrong back into the fold on Wednesday. Armstrong appeared in one game for Dallas in 2012, after ...
Dallas Cowboys’ DeMarcus Ware Did Not Call Out Quarterback Tony Romo It’s going to be weird watching the Detroit Lions next season without Jason Hanson kicking off the game. After 21 years in the Motor City, Hanson is hanging up his kicking shoes. While it shouldn’t be surprising that a 21-year veteran is ...
Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Geno Smith Or Matt Barkley On Jerry Jones’ Rader? You are probably wondering how the heck rumors that the Dallas Cowboys may be interested in drafted Geno Smith or Matt Barkley ever started. Especially when you consider the fact that the Cowboys just threw a ton of money in Tony Romo's direction.
2013 NFL Free Agency: Cowboys In The Market For A Right Tackle? The Cowboys have a need at right tackle; will they make a move? Former Atlanta Falcons right tackle Tyson Clabo was on the free agent market for less than a day when the Dallas Cowboys started knocking on his door, according to Ian Rapoport of ...
Dallas Cowboys Have Favorable 2013 Preseason Schedule The Dallas Cowboys‘ 2013 preseason schedule was announced on Thursday and there are some patterns therein, along with an extra contest that give America’s Team an extra week to prepare for the upcoming season. The Cowboys are making a habit out of ...
Dolphins to play Cowboys, Jaguars, Texans, Bucs, Saints in preseason The Miami Dolphins preseason foes were released on Thursday as the team plays a five-game exhibition docket, led off by the Hall of Fame Game August 4 against the Dallas Cowboys and the followed by tilts against the Jacksonville Jaguars and ...
Locker-room camera idea likely came from Cowboys Charean Williams of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram believes that the league got the idea from the Dallas Cowboys. “They have had cameras in their locker room, pregame, showing the guys getting ready, since Cowboys Stadium opened,” Williams ...
Report: Cowboys re-sign WR Anthony Armstrong One week after releasing Anthony Armstrong in a salary-cap related move, the Dallas Cowboys re-signed the veteran wide receiver on Wednesday according to multiple reports. Armstrong, 30, appeared in one game for the Cowboys in 2012 after he was signed by ...
2013 NFL Free Agency: Cowboys In The Market For A Right Tackle? The Cowboys have a need at right tackle; will they make a move? Former Atlanta Falcons right tackle Tyson Clabo was on the free agent market for less than a day when the Dallas Cowboys started knocking on his door, according to Ian Rapoport of ...
Dallas Cowboys Have Favorable 2013 Preseason Schedule The Dallas Cowboys‘ 2013 preseason schedule was announced on Thursday and there are some patterns therein, along with an extra contest that give America’s Team an extra week to prepare for the upcoming season. The Cowboys are making a habit out of ...
Dolphins to play Cowboys, Jaguars, Texans, Bucs, Saints in preseason The Miami Dolphins preseason foes were released on Thursday as the team plays a five-game exhibition docket, led off by the Hall of Fame Game August 4 against the Dallas Cowboys and the followed by tilts against the Jacksonville Jaguars and ...
Locker-room camera idea likely came from Cowboys Charean Williams of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram believes that the league got the idea from the Dallas Cowboys. “They have had cameras in their locker room, pregame, showing the guys getting ready, since Cowboys Stadium opened,” Williams ...
Report: Cowboys re-sign WR Anthony Armstrong One week after releasing Anthony Armstrong in a salary-cap related move, the Dallas Cowboys re-signed the veteran wide receiver on Wednesday according to multiple reports. Armstrong, 30, appeared in one game for the Cowboys in 2012 after he was signed by ...
Raiders to host Dallas Cowboys in exhibition opener The Raiders' 2013 preseason schedule begins with a home game against the Dallas Cowboys. The game, to be played between Aug. 8-11, marks the second straight year the Raiders open at home against Dallas. Exhibition times and dates will be ...
Dallas QB Tony Romo Collects Top Pay In NFL -- After Tax We no longer care which NFL player gets the highest pay. We only care who makes the most after taxes! Now, the answer is Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo is new highest paid NFL player after taxes. Romo signed a 6-year $108 million contract ...
Cowboys Award 6-Year, $108 Million Extension To Super Bowl–Watching Quarterback Tony Romo IRVING, TX—In an effort to prevent the multiple championship–viewing player from reaching free agency, the Dallas Cowboys announced this week that the team had signed Super Bowl–watching quarterback Tony Romo to a six-year, $108 million contract ...
Cowboys The Dallas Cowboys will play two preseason games out West after opening the exhibition schedule in the Hall of Fame game against Miami.
Kiper: Cowboys must improve interior O-line About a month ago, mock drafts made it seem likely that the Dallas Cowboys would be selecting an offensive guard with their first-round pick. The two names that kept coming up were Alabama’s Chance Warmack and North Carolina’s Jonathan Cooper.
New meme takes aim at Cowboys' failures Sometimes, it's hard to face reality. But a new meme floating around the web is making Dallas Cowboys fans do just that. First this week came the huge backlash on Twitter after the Cowboys guaranteed quarterback Tony Romo $55 million. Now, this meme is ...
Tony Romo Contract: Inside Cowboys QB's New Deal Tony Romo signed a six-year, $108 million contract extension on March 29 to become the highest paid player in Dallas Cowboys history. Romo’s extension averages $18 million per year, which makes him the NFL’s fourth highest paid player (by ...
Texans release preseason schedule, including game vs. Cowboys Houston will play Dallas at Cowboys Stadium to close out the preseason, after a road game at the Vikings and home games against the Dolphins and Saints. The Texans will open the preseason in Minnesota, taking on the Vikings for the third consecutive ...
G Cooper visits Cowboys, to meet CLE and TEN NFL.com's Ian Rapoport reports North Carolina G Johnathan Cooper visited the Dallas Cowboys and has visits set up with the Cleveland Browns and Tennessee Titans. Interestingly enough, two of three teams have top 10 selections. The Browns have not been ...
UConn LB Moore visited Cowboys, Ravens USA Today's Mike Garafolo reports UConn LB Sio Moore visited the Dallas Cowboys and Baltimore Ravens. Garafolo added that Moore also has visits scheduled with the Jacksonville Jaguars and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Moore has been mentioned as a potential second ...
Mavericks beat Kings 117-108 to snap two-game losing streak SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Shawn Marion had 25 points and 12 rebounds, and the Dallas Mavericks snapped a two-game losing streak with a 117-108 victory over the Sacramento Kings on Friday night. The Mavericks (37-39) used a 41-point second quarter to gain ...
Mavericks stay in playoff chase as Kings juggle lineup SACRAMENTO -- The Dallas Mavericks needed a victory and there was no better opponent for them than the Sacramento Kings. The Mavericks remained within reach of a Western Conference playoff berth with a 117-108 victory Friday night at Sleep Train Arena ...
Dallas Mavericks react to a game they never should have lost, but did The Denver Nuggets shot 39.3 percent Thursday night. The Mavericks committed just 10 turnovers. They got more than half of their points, 48, from their bench. And yet, the Mavericks couldn’t find a way to win at the Pepsi Center, which is a common ...
Denver Nuggets edge Dallas Mavericks in final seconds Denver Nuggets guard Andre Miller (24) drives to the basket against Dallas Mavericks guard Vince Carter (25) during the first half at the Pepsi Center. (Photo: Chris Humphreys, USA TODAY Sports) DENVER (AP) — Corey Brewer scored 23 points and ...
Dallas Mavericks Need Veterans to Step Up With the Dallas Mavericks playoff hopes slipping away, the Sacramento Kings may be just what the doctor ordered. After getting crushed by the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday and suffering a heart-breaking loss to the Denver Nuggets last night ...
Notebook: Mavericks 117, Kings 108 THE FACTS: The road weary Dallas Mavericks came into Sleep Train Arena Friday needing a win to stay in the playoff hunt after dropping a heartbreaker last night, and got just what the doctor ordered as the Sacramento Kings gave very little ...
Preview With time running out on their season, the Dallas Mavericks can't afford to let any more potential victories slip away if they want to reach the playoffs for a 13th consecutive season. The visiting Mavericks look to avoid a third straight loss ...
Dallas Mavericks forward Elton Brand misses game at Denver with sore right calf DENVER — Dallas big man Elton Brand is being held out of the Mavericks’ game at Denver on Thursday night because of a sore right calf that’s been bothering him for a week. Coach Rick Carlisle said Brand is day to day. Carlisle said the injury flared ...
NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Sacramento Sacramento, CA (Sports Network) - Shawn Marion scored a team-high 25 points and pulled down 12 rebounds to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 117-108 win over the Sacramento Kings on Friday. Brandan Wright and Darren Collison added 20 and 18 points off the ...
Nuggets 95, Mavericks 94 DENVER -- Andre Iguodala scored on a driving layup with 2.8 seconds left, and the Denver Nuggets rallied to beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 for their franchise-tying 19th straight home win. Gallinari's left knee buckled as he drove the lane with 4:27 ...
Can Brittney Griner play in the NBA? Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban sparks a debate Mark Cuban wants to give Brittney Griner a chance to play in the NBA, Geno Auriemma publicly panned that idea and Shane Battier says, just based on the law of averages, it's going to happen someday. But the WNBA? They're not saying anything.
The Playoffs Will Be A No Go For Dallas Mavericks The Cincinnati Bengals have mostly avoided players from other teams in this offseason’s free agency period, concentrating on their own players instead. Last season, the team went out and acquired a few guys to contribute, and in some cases ...
Dallas Mavericks Vs. Denver Nuggets: When And Where To Watch Live Stream Online; Preview The Dallas Mavericks will visit the Denver Nuggets on Thursday. The game will be broadcast live on FxSW and Altitude Sports at 9 p.m. ET and can also be seen via live online stream if you buy NBA League Pass Broadband here. The Nuggets, who hold ...
Recap: Denver vs. Dallas Andre Iguodala made the game-winning layup with 2.8 seconds remaining and Corey Brewer blocked Anthony Morrow's potential game-winning trey to lift the Denver Nuggets to their 19th straight home win in a 95-94 win over the Dallas Mavericks on ...
NBA >> Live >> Stream >> Dallas Mavericks at Denver Nuggets You can easily watch NBA Match Between Dallas Mavericks at Denver Nuggets live stream online on pc here, just follow our streaming link. Enjoy Dallas Mavericks v Denver Nuggets live stream Free NBA Game Online HD on your Pc. Ensure that you must ...
Dallas Mavericks forward Elton Brand misses game at Denver with sore right calf DENVER — Dallas big man Elton Brand is being held out of the Mavericks’ game at Denver on Thursday night because of a sore right calf that’s been bothering him for a week. Coach Rick Carlisle said Brand is day to day. Carlisle said the injury flared ...
NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Sacramento Sacramento, CA (Sports Network) - Shawn Marion scored a team-high 25 points and pulled down 12 rebounds to lead the Dallas Mavericks to a 117-108 win over the Sacramento Kings on Friday. Brandan Wright and Darren Collison added 20 and 18 points off the ...
Nuggets 95, Mavericks 94 DENVER -- Andre Iguodala scored on a driving layup with 2.8 seconds left, and the Denver Nuggets rallied to beat the Dallas Mavericks 95-94 for their franchise-tying 19th straight home win. Gallinari's left knee buckled as he drove the lane with 4:27 ...
Can Brittney Griner play in the NBA? Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban sparks a debate Mark Cuban wants to give Brittney Griner a chance to play in the NBA, Geno Auriemma publicly panned that idea and Shane Battier says, just based on the law of averages, it's going to happen someday. But the WNBA? They're not saying anything.
The Playoffs Will Be A No Go For Dallas Mavericks The Cincinnati Bengals have mostly avoided players from other teams in this offseason’s free agency period, concentrating on their own players instead. Last season, the team went out and acquired a few guys to contribute, and in some cases ...
Dallas Mavericks Vs. Denver Nuggets: When And Where To Watch Live Stream Online; Preview The Dallas Mavericks will visit the Denver Nuggets on Thursday. The game will be broadcast live on FxSW and Altitude Sports at 9 p.m. ET and can also be seen via live online stream if you buy NBA League Pass Broadband here. The Nuggets, who hold ...
Recap: Denver vs. Dallas Andre Iguodala made the game-winning layup with 2.8 seconds remaining and Corey Brewer blocked Anthony Morrow's potential game-winning trey to lift the Denver Nuggets to their 19th straight home win in a 95-94 win over the Dallas Mavericks on ...
NBA >> Live >> Stream >> Dallas Mavericks at Denver Nuggets You can easily watch NBA Match Between Dallas Mavericks at Denver Nuggets live stream online on pc here, just follow our streaming link. Enjoy Dallas Mavericks v Denver Nuggets live stream Free NBA Game Online HD on your Pc. Ensure that you must ...
Losing streak dims the hope that Dallas Mavericks can reach .500 The Mavericks are on their first losing streak since they lost three in a row in late February. Dropping the first two games of this four-game trip have stung them, not to mention stuck them in a situation where they have to win five of their last seven ...
Mavericks-Kings, Box Totals 39-87 24-31 108. Dallas 18 41 33 25—117 Sacramento 27 26 28 27—108 3-Point Goals—Dallas 6-20 (M.James 2-3, Marion 1-1, Mayo 1-3, Nowitzki 1-4, Carter 1-6, Crowder 0-1, Collison 0-2), Sacramento 6-26 (Evans 2-4, Douglas 2-5 ...
NBA Game Summary - Dallas at Denver Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Andre Iguodala made the game-winning layup with 2.8 seconds remaining and Corey Brewer blocked Anthony Morrow's potential game-winning trey to lift the Denver Nuggets to a 95-94 win over the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday.
Kobe's triple-double leads Lakers over Mavericks, 101-81 The Lakers won their most important game of the regular season (at least until the next one), defeating the Dallas Mavericks, 101-81, on Tuesday night at Staples Center. Kobe Bryant notched a triple-double with 23 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists.
Mavericks fail to show with playoffs on line It was all set up for the Dallas Mavericks. The Los Angeles Lakers were sans two starters. The break-even mark was in sight. Razors were, too. Beat the Lakers and that precious No. 8 postseason position is that much closer to grasp. So much for all that.
Josh Akognon joins Dallas Mavericks from Chinese league Josh Akognon, shown in 2006 with Washington State coach Dick Bennett before he transferred to Cal State-Fullerton, finally has reached the NBA. (Photo: JEFF CHIU AP) DALLAS (AP) — The Dallas Mavericks signed free agent guard Josh Akognon to a ...
Nuggets rally after Danilo Gallinari injures knee, edge Dallas Mavericks 95-94 This. One's. For. Gallo. With Danilo Gallinari out of the game because of a knee injury -- a source close to the situation said Gallo thinks it's an ACL tear -- Nuggets teammate Andre Iguodala made a stupendous drive from the right wing.
